Add strict connection mode non-cloud requests (#32292)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_integrations/http.markdown

    - 172.30.33.0/24  # You may also provide the subnet mask
```

## Strict connection mode

> The strict connection mode specifies how the HA instance should react to unauthenticated requests.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The strict connection mode specifies how the Home Assistant instance should react to unauthenticated requests to endpoints that don't require authentication.
```

 **Requests from private networks are always allowed.** Make sure to set up the reverse proxy correctly; otherwise, this feature will be useless.

The following modes are supported:
- `disabled`: Strict connection mode is disabled, and all unauthenticated requests are allowed (Same as before `2024.5`).

> - `static_page`: HA will answer any unauthenticated requests with a static page, informing the user about the strict connection mode.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `static_page`: Home Assistant will answer any unauthenticated requests with a static page, informing the user about the strict connection mode.
```

> - `drop_connection`: HA will drop/close the connection for any unauthenticated requests, similar to when no HA instance is running.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `drop_connection`: Home Assistant will drop/close the connection for any unauthenticated requests, similar to when no Home Assistant instance is running.
```

> If activated, HA will not even show the login page. To log in on a new device, the user needs to ask the instance admin for a temporary link. The instance admin can generate the link by calling the service `http.create_temporary_strict_connection_url`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If activated, Home Assistant will not even show the login page. To log in on a new device, the user needs to ask the instance admin for a temporary link. The instance admin can generate the link by calling the service `http.create_temporary_strict_connection_url`.
```

### Service `http.create_temporary_strict_connection_url`

This service can be used to generate a temporary link with a validity of one hour to log in on a new device when strict connection is enabled.

> It has no arguments and can only called by admins.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It has no arguments and can only be called by admins.
```
